my imagination
cheerleading practice well why don't you
warm up by helping me push the car hi
sorry need some help yeah sure you got a
bulldozer in your pocket do I know you
hi I'm Andrew Clemons how do you know me
when a guy scores four touchdowns in a
game it doesn't go unnoticed well I had
a lot of big guys in front of me too bad
they're not here now let's give it a
shot okay
yeah no way let's give it one more try
did you know
pinup fear right thanks
here you're carpooling with captain
football these days helped him with his
Jeep this morning and he gave me a ride
now don't forget the guy's a jock not
gonna have a lot of here what do you
think they have their names in the back
penetration is you wanted to take the
hint of jealousy me jealous of the guy
who's packed into the football team it's
got a scholarship to a major university
makes Tom Cruise like home what are you
Big John well I think it could be a
winning team hey Andrew
oh wow you remembered your name I catch
you later
right Andrew hop in I'll give you a ride
home I do this isn't Nicole
and ER tosses a couple of moons
great thanks
not your brand ender
no it's it's great it's it's just it's
too early for me
no problem
Cheers
what you gardener do this because we
don't have a gardener Melissa's mom is a
gardener
yes well Melissa's mama to the city if
she got her hands dirty
Thanks
thanks you guys for tea
still broken oh no it's fixed I'm just
trying to break it again for exercise
funny mom let the master of the house
give it a shot I already tried huh Wow
thanks honey
Sean Casey the captain of the football
team isn't he a senior yeah and he
invited me to a party this weekend
well that's the first time you've
mentioned it I didn't think you'd want
to go
ready good Andrew so is this is this
thing safe literally hopefully the
electrical impulses from this device
will be sent directly to the nerve
centers of control algorithms inducing a
state of maximum motor neuron harmony
translation you will be an optimum state
of relaxation one day this will do away
with the need for painkillers and Santas
imagine the potential impact on medical
science on girls
slip one of these on their arms and
they'll be yours forever I was thinking
of important uses so was i Andrew this
could possibly help heroin addicts and
alcoholics going through withdrawal
all right here Andrew come on take it
yeah
the winner and still master the universe
huh who's next
Shawn don't be stupid
how about you Josh the guy's pretty
strong just cuz it's bigger what do you
say thanks but Nicole and I'm gonna go
jetski
if you want a wimp out in front of her
that's no problem give it a rest Josh
well I think you'll be just keying with
a new master of the universe let's go
all right you got guts you know you're
stupid
guys
you ready you are try not to hurt you
I'd appreciate it and things pretty
strong for a wimp
I slept sure you did well look you want
to go for real
come on Magus I'll take you on relax Ari
it's blacks look well the new master of
the universe like to go jet skiing with
me now I don't know I might be too good
for you now
Wow
drinks
faked you out of your shorts jerk
should've seen your face
Thanks
okay my turn
yeah feeling a little dizzy yeah me too
why are you shaking your head
not I guess I'm worse off than I thought
oh yeah well it's hazmat drink I get
sick so why do you do it
that's cool I'm strong the other guys do
it but I gotta get in there
it's walk me home
let's try that again man please
it's better
excuse me I was here first
Shh don't tell anybody you can't eat
your heart out
and a spacecraft to ten o'clock another
three no problem for the universe's best
have you been
Andrew Oh what happened to your forehead
I I tripped you've been drinking
Andrew Andrew
okay did you say your electronic
acupuncture device worked on headaches
yes even the most severe of migraines
but I don't know about concussions
where'd you get that bruise it's a very
dilated pupils inflammation of the
vascular tissue headache Andrew you've
got a hangover you should see it from
this side of my head that wasn't too
bright dr. Jinga I was at a party where
did you get that bruise I flew into a
tree you came out of nowhere of course
your judgment was impaired Andrew at
your age you're not ready to drink not
physically or emotionally so you're
saying I should never drink again I'd
rather you didn't but if you're going to
wait till you're older and remember
Andrew whether you like it or not you
have an extra burden to carry because of
your special powers what's the point of
having superpowers if I can't have any
fun I just want to have fun like
everyone else
perk
nice-lookin Bruce what you do rent your
head out as a pinata I sure feel like
you do too many brews huh how'd you
guess you're out with Sean I don't know
just a crazy hunch I had a couple of
beers look I know you don't like the guy
just saying the only time the guy's the
drink in hand is when he's playing ball
or in class
think about Oh
hi Nicole how you feeling I'm great how
about you great
lousy me too I've got a horrendous
hangover it's gone by tomorrow
what's tonight we're going out to Jeff
would be chicken no one told me Sean
told me you were going that's why I'm
going to Sean told me you are going no
reason until tomorrow is going is
because you're going are you going well
if you're going I'm going I'm going
what's cold
I can come back no no no no no it's it's
okay um well actually I was just looking
for Andrew um
look if you see him just have him call
me okay are you all right
yeah I'm fine
andrew came home drunk the other night
yes I know what you talked about he came
by and how did he see the lawn over will
confused and I don't understand he's
never done this before I'm sure a lot of
parents have said the same thing
kids make mistakes I don't want him to
keep making this one Stephanie have a
right to be concerned but it was a great
kid I think you need to trust him Betty
won't let you down
boy it's not easy being a parent
sometimes well I'm not a parent but if
you ever need anyone to talk to
I'm here
my mom I gotta go through you think we
should talk about the other night I went
to driftwood Beach with some friends I
had a few beers I'm sure you weren't the
only one
no I wasn't because they drank you had
to drink - right yeah I wanted to try it
I'm not anymore where the beach and ooh
I'd rather you not go I promise I won't
drink I really do to be honest I really
didn't like it very much
all right
oh honey I do trust you
have a good time benchmark Andrew look
if these friends of yours decided they
have to drink I don't want you driving
home my phone just call me I'd be happy
to pick you okay
you got it Thanks
I noticed you're not drinking you do you
that'd be nice not to go sick cartoons
jet skis getting away
that's right I got it I the only one
drinking wrong with you guys Sean why is
it you have to drink to have a good time
I drink because I have a good time
come on give me a lift here we go here
we go let's go
he's a jerk
really Shawn she's alright come on let's
get her oh we're having a party the
party is over Shawn I'm tired of
covering your tracks what are you
talking about all the classes you've
missed all the tests you've blown all
the coffee I've had to cram down your
throat who needs this you're not driving
give me the keys
forget it you're drunk
forget it I'm not gonna waste my time
hurting you
where's everybody going hey alright ok
hi bye
hasn't it cold she'll be ok just a
couple of bruises glad you weren't
drinking yeah if I was I might not have
been able to save her you know I thought
Shawn was a cool guy but he's got a lot
of problems I really hope he gets some
help
hi bye bye well I have some work to do
if you'll excuse me what you don't like
my shirt I heard what happened at the
beach yesterday yeah Shawn had a little
too much to drink yeah
you're not gonna say I told you so
and you know me better than that
come on zombie jettison hopes what a
dreamer oh I told you so